---
date: 2021-08-23T18:16:03-04:00
title: 'Doctor appointment: peace'
slug: /lymphoma/2021-08-23
---

**I have a doctor appointment today** on Monday, August 23, 2021. This is the recurrent appointment before each treatment cycle. After evaluating my body, the doctor decides if I'm able to follow the next treatment cycle.

On recent days **we have been feeling stressed and anxious**. I'm certain that I can't receive more chemo via IV, that's because of the damage of my veins by the chemotherapy. Also, last time I went to a lab for blood tests, they were only able to get a sample from one of my feet. They couldn't find a proper vein on my arms for the blood sample.

We arrived at the hospital early in the morning. At the appointment, the doctor saw my blood test results. She noticed that my [neutrophils](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutrophil) (a type of white blood cell) count were low. Therefore, **she decided to not start the next treatment cycle**, but to wait at least one week. We should make a new appointment for reevaluation on next Monday. Unfortunately, she said, she will be on vacation, so another doctor will see me.

**That was fortunate for us!** One reason is because I will have one week to rest. And the other reason is because we will have the opportunity of having a second opinion from another specialist. This will give us more security on my situation.

When we went to schedule the appointment for next week. We were told that the other doctor will be available on Friday instead of Monday. That was a third reason of happiness, because instead of one week **I will have two week to rest** 😎. And with that, we ended our journey at the hospital.

## Peace

While I was in the hospital we felt peaceful, not stressed nor anxious. That reminded me that the night before, we prayed together. We specifically asked for strength, peace and wisdom. And we can say that for the entire day from when I woke up, I was feeling incredibly peaceful and quiet. Mimi was feeling the same way. We are thankful to Jehovah because He listened again, He kept His word to “sustain” me giving me the strength, “the peace” and wisdom that I need to face that stressful day ([Psalm 41:3](https://www.jw.org/finder?wtlocale=E&pub=nwtsty&srctype=wol&bible=19041003&srcid=share); [Philippians 4:6,7](https://www.jw.org/finder?wtlocale=E&pub=nwtsty&srctype=wol&bible=50004006&srcid=share)).
