---
date: 2026-03-09T12:19:00-04:00
title: 'The onconlogist appointment before the treatment'
slug: /lymphoma/2026-03-09
---

Today, I had an appointment with my oncologist to discuss when the treatment will start. I was accompanied by my dear mother this time. We were expecting to start the treatment in the next few days, but the doctor told us that because the last PET scan was done in August 2025 (7 months ago), **they need to do another one before starting the treatment**. The doctor said that they want to make sure that the cancer has not progressed since the last scan. She even mentioned about _spontaneous remission_, which is a phenomenon where cancer can disappear without treatment.

I was not expecting this news, however I wasn't dissapointed at all, for many reasons. First, I am grateful that the doctor is being cautious and wants to make sure that the treatment is necessary. That extra scan will give us more assurance that we are doing the right thing. Second, I will be able to attend two very important events in person before starting the treatment: a _special talk_ and [the Memorial of Christ's death](https://www.jw.org/en/jehovahs-witnesses/me).

---

While writting this post, I realized that I would have reacted differently to the news. Dissapointment maybe? But I didn't... because Jehovah has taught me to be positive and focuse on the good things in any situation. I am grateful for that.

> **19** For he looks down from his holy height,\
>  From the heavens Jehovah views the earth,
>
> **20** To hear the sighing of the prisoner,\
> To release those sentenced to death,
>
> **21** So that the name of Jehovah will be declared in Zion\
> And his praise in Jerusalem,
> — [Ps. 102:19-21](https://www.jw.org/finder?wtlocale=E&pub=nwtsty&srctype=wol&bible=19102019-19102021&srcid=share)
