src/markdown/lymphoma/2026-01-15.md, before:

---
date: 2026-02-12T12:00:00-04:00
title: 'Port-a-Cath placement surgery'
slug: /lymphoma/2026-02-12
---

Today, I had the [Port-a-Cath](/lymphoma/2026-01-07) implantation surgery. It went well. I am grateful for the medical team that took care of me.

The days before I was bit anxious, but felt calmness. I'm thankful to the prayers, the thoughts and the support of many.

In a couple of days I will be returning to the hospital to check the Port-a-Cath and to have the stitches removed.

**What is a Port-a-Cath implantation procedure?**

- This **image** explains the procedure: [Port-a-Cath Implantation Procedure](https://www.cancer.gov/publications/dictionaries/cancer-terms/def/port-a-cath).
- This **video animation** explains the procedure: [Port-a-Cath Implantation Procedure](https://youtu.be/6QFwZAIPBq8).

---

My dear brother shared this thought with me:

> As for me, I panicked and said: \
> “I will perish from before you.” \
> But you heard my pleas for help when I cried out to you.
> — [Ps. 31:22](https://www.jw.org/finder?srcid=jwlshare&wtlocale=E&prefer=lang&bible=19031022&pub=nwtsty)

Commit message:

feat: add details about family support during Port-a-Cath surgery

src/markdown/lymphoma/2026-01-15.md, after:

---
date: 2026-02-12T12:00:00-04:00
title: 'Port-a-Cath placement surgery'
slug: /lymphoma/2026-02-12
---

Today, I had the [Port-a-Cath](/lymphoma/2026-01-07) implantation surgery. It went well. I am grateful for the medical team that took care of me.

The days before I was bit anxious, but felt calmness. I'm thankful to the prayers, the thoughts and the support of many.

The day of the surgery, we arrived at the hospital at 6:00 AM. I was accompanied by some of my dear family: my wife, my little brother, my first daughter and her husband. The surgery started at 9:00 AM and left the hospital at 2:00 PM. By the time I left the hospital, I had two more friends waiting for me outside. I am grateful for their support and for Jehovah for giving me such wonderful people in my life.

In a couple of days I will be returning to the hospital to check the Port-a-Cath and to have the stitches removed.

**What is a Port-a-Cath implantation procedure?**

- This **image** explains the procedure: [Port-a-Cath Implantation Procedure](https://www.cancer.gov/publications/dictionaries/cancer-terms/def/port-a-cath).
- This **video animation** explains the procedure: [Port-a-Cath Implantation Procedure](https://youtu.be/6QFwZAIPBq8).

---

My dear brother shared this thought with me:

> As for me, I panicked and said: \
> “I will perish from before you.” \
> But you heard my pleas for help when I cried out to you.
> — [Ps. 31:22](https://www.jw.org/finder?srcid=jwlshare&wtlocale=E&prefer=lang&bible=19031022&pub=nwtsty)
